hey you guys you are back at clever TV
I'm Dana Ward hanging out with Joslyn
Davis hey guys and today it's all about
the Oscars how exciting it is very
exciting and one of our biggest moments
on the show obviously came almost right
at the end when the lead actress was of
course announced and I went to Jennifer
Lawrence now she's on sweeping a washer
applause for her but we were still not
really sure if she's gonna take this one
home which obviously you knew Nicole you
never know I mean it's kind of like a
wild card with the Oscars of course the
SAG Awards and Golden Globes run up to
the Oscars but still you never know
who's gonna get that final vote and I
think the coolest thing was that she was
noticeably very shocked that she won the
award it was touching but there was a
Jennifer Lawrence moment we love this
girl because she's so funny she's able
to laugh at herself and she had a little
accident okay I think I'm a psychic cuz
I totally knew this was gonna happen I
mean how could it not happen in that
fabulous your oats couture gown where
yeah I mean as she's walking up to
accept her Academy Award trophy she took
a little slip she took a little slip and
a dip she kind of just laid there for a
moment just let it settle took a second
and the gentlemen of all gentlemen Hugh
Jackman ran to her rescue oh he didn't
already love him you love him more now
I'm gonna start falling all over the
place you jerk okay yeah and the first
line that she said when she finally got
up to take her award she said quote you
guys are just standing up because you
feel bad that I fell and that's really
embarrassing this is nuts
at any rate her speech was really
beautiful and sweet I don't know that
there was maybe some people we heard
that she forgot to thank but I mean
hello if you had just fallen in front of
millions of people I don't even I would
probably have ran off the stage so we
got so hurt completely um she also
thanks some of her fellow nominees and
wish
very happy birthday to amours Emmanuel
Riva for birthday today happy birthday
that's right and then she walked across
the stage back off I also want to add
that they cut away to a shot of her
co-star Bradley Cooper who could not
have looked more happy if it was humanly
possible
he was just fully like a child on
Christmas Day he was so happy which of
course we love to see and then Robert De
Niro was actually right behind him kind
of the cast was like all sitting in a
line and they were all smiles so this
was a really really great moment for
Jennifer Lawrence and the cast beginning
of what we're sure is going to be a very
very long as a full career probably more
Oscars in her future so we want to hear
from you guys let us know if this was
your favorite moment of the entire Oscar
award show I hope not I feel free to
join the conversation down in the
comment section below thank you guys so
much for joining us this award show
season from all of us here at clever TV
have a great night I'm Joslyn Davis Dana
Ward and we'll see you next time bye
guys
you